Update the roadmap (#2715)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/community/roadmap/index.md

- released the [Summary card](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system-backlog/issues/210) variant
- made it easier to find information about [contributing and the community](/community/)
- improved [how contributions are prioritised](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/upcoming-components-patterns/)
- added functionality for browsers to ‘find in page’ within the Accordion component
- added support for ‘source maps’ for precompiled GOV.UK Frontend Javascript files

> - iterated the [guidance on alt text for images](/styles/images/#alt-text)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- iterated the [guidance on images](/styles/images/)
```

Reviewer: Or this is more descriptive, if we reckon it's not too controversial @stevenjmesser?

```suggestion
- iterated the [guidance on images](/styles/images/#alt-text) to help make images in government services more consistent, inclusive and accessible
```

## Working on now

We're working on GOV.UK Frontend v5.0 which includes:

> - [updating our browser support](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/2621), including removing support for Internet Explorer 8-10 and reducing support for Internet Explorer 11

Reviewer 2: I’d prefer an en dash (`–`) instead of a hyphen, but it’s not a blocking change.

Author: Should we do similar to GOV.UK's [recommendation for date ranges](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/style-guide/a-to-z-of-gov-uk-style#dates) and use 'to' instead?

> …including removing support for Internet Explorer 8 to 10
